Terms.md, before:

|Term|Definition|
|--|--|
|Accessibility|Designing environments, products, or services for people with disabilities.|
|Assistive Technology|Systems that enhance quality of life for people with disabilities.|
|Empathy|The ability to understand someone else's feelings or thoughts in a situation.|
|Empathy Map|Chart illustrating what is known about a particular user type.|
|Information Architecture|Framework diagraming the internal structure, organization, or categorization of a product.|
|NBU|Next Billion Users are users just beginning to use the web.|
|Prototype|Model that demonstrates the intended functionality.|
|Primary Research|Research conducted by you.|
|Responsive Web Design|Layout dynamically changes to accommodate a change in screen size or orientation.|
|Retrospective|Collaborative critique of the design sprint.|
|Secondary Resesarch|Research that uses information obtained by someone else.|
|UX Research|Focus on understanding user behaviours, needs, and motivations through observation and feedback.|
|Wireframe|Outline or sketch of a product or screen.|

Commit message:

add empathy map, persona, and user story

Terms.md, after:

|Term|Definition|
|--|--|
|Accessibility|Designing environments, products, or services for people with disabilities.|
|Assistive Technology|Systems that enhance quality of life for people with disabilities.|
|Empathy|The ability to understand someone else's feelings or thoughts in a situation.|
|Empathy Map|Chart illustrating what is known about a particular user type.|
|Information Architecture|Framework diagraming the internal structure, organization, or categorization of a product.|
|NBU|Next Billion Users are users just beginning to use the web.|
|Pain Points|UX issues that frustrate the user and block the user from their goals.|
|Persona|A representative fictional user.|
|Prototype|Model that demonstrates the intended functionality.|
|Primary Research|Research conducted by you.|
|Responsive Web Design|Layout dynamically changes to accommodate a change in screen size or orientation.|
|Retrospective|Collaborative critique of the design sprint.|
|Secondary Resesarch|Research that uses information obtained by someone else.|
|User Group|A set of people with similar interests, goals, and concerns.|
|User Story|Fictional one sentence story told from the persona's point of view to inspire and inform design decisions. It introduces the user, an obstacle, and the user goal.|
|UX Research|Focus on understanding user behaviours, needs, and motivations through observation and feedback.|
|Wireframe|Outline or sketch of a product or screen.|
